hello dear youtuber and trainer friends
I welcome here on the water with a lot
fish tremmel will like that here
imagine an assembly and that is
that the cello assembly available in
Any good retail store
have if your retailer which are
should speak of him should
Report
that is no problem in short construction of the
assembly we have a pair of trousers here
short bent pose because he is above
on the water surface vibrations
the choirs want to produce over the
it is balanced
whole with a glass and with one
5 grams of glass
We have three gram pose with five grams
glass then we have a special rubber
Stopper down swirl
These things are all in the set that is
as well as you do not need a lot together
Searching is all together already
built
the positive last stop whirl
befriended ahead predecessor I would
say
in the proportions between 60 and 80
centimeters approximately depends on it
back for dining because everyone needs around on
a fox is always the thing
processes the wisdom of the district
just adjust
favorite cooler is tell me
always fresh super quality i can
just recommend speaking as I said yours
as also reminiscent
There was no problem in the mine too
get fishhook series 22 inch 2 16
I would say the day before
6 bigger then disappear so we had
hard time chosen because I am now
antesten times do not want to not be too large
always give it a bit too little
the means so 684 how to decide
I am here for the big big 22 pieces
who often mentioned the first time
took
insert it behind the head then pull it through
bit in the hair give so
push away with the second one
little space is beautiful again behind
Plug in your head
turn once
turn twice again
three times i want a rotating one
bee painters but not all that easy
with water blends because of it
because I put the fischer on the rotation
the bi would like to address deep
Jumping fish seems to be that
try it on 80 meters that must
Everyone finds out for himself
the fish is changing or it is im
fisches see relationship
Barefoot can drive Montargis ins
water fell
as can be first must drop
reasonable then the route
at 51 degrees limps and suffers at the beginning
the route to disappear as you can see
can poland as well accordingly
creates balance and waves like that
Frequently the trout takes over the
side lines caught subside
been and wants
used is trut of class 3
Guest block as well as 246 country is very
Sensitive to a great, perfect route
just is just important in the moment
if I between them again
to go in properly like now that I do
then the router is soft like that
head beating and the fast is going down
you are looking for a faults course
reasonably adjustable from brake and
the vertigo uniform fish the
could have such a head
but right is also a long kesha
that means not too short next to
long enough
that's what makes the fish learn
lateness years ask now also times
far fairness after the giggle though
the fish supplies that means so
cared for and only then the
solve hard